# Minigame

Long games are great. But minigames are greater!
A 5-minute play? I am sure you can find time
to play with any of your friends.

## Setting up the game

### Start a two players game

Start as usual creating a game:

 > Click _New Game_ in the main header.  
 > Type _FirstGame_ into the _new game name_.  

But if you look there is one new scenario,
the "mini" scenario!

 > Select _Mini_ into the _game scenario_.  

And register you and your opponent.

 > Type _Martel_ into the _Player 1 name_.    
 <!-- MOCK take _field_ as _grain_ -->
 <!-- MOCK take _event_ as _grain_ -->
 <!-- MOCK take _event_ as _sheep_ -->
 > Click the _Add player_ button.  
 > Type _Tyrell_ into the _Player 2 name_.    
 <!-- MOCK take _field_ as _sheep_ -->
 <!-- MOCK take _event_ as _sheep_ -->
 <!-- MOCK take _event_ as _forest_ -->
 > Click the _Create Game_ button.  
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 -->

### Only one initial field card

Let's look to the current game.
The first change is that there is only one initial field
card for each user, there are no two field cards.

 > Use the browser of _Martel_.  
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 -->
 > The current player is _Martel_.  
 > The current round is _1_.
 > _Martel_ has at the square _1_ a _field_ card of _grain_.
 > _Martel_ has at the square _2_ no _field_ cards.  

 > _Tyrell_ has at the square _1_ a _field_ card of _sheep_.  
 > _Tyrell_ has at the square _2_ no _field_ cards.  

### Only two squares

There are only two squares available. That is all.

 > _Martel_ has square _1_.
 > _Martel_ has square _2_.
 > _Martel_ has no square _3_.
 > _Tyrell_ has square _1_.
 > _Tyrell_ has square _2_.
 > _Tyrell_ has no square _3_.

### But one initial Food card

It starts with one single food card.

 > _Martel_ has in his hand _1_ _food_ card.  

### Less event cards at hand

The limit of event cards in the basic game is 3, 
in minigames are 2. Risky right?

 > _Martel_ has in his hand _2_ _event_ cards.  
 > _Martel_ has in his hand an _event_ card of _grain_.  
 > _Martel_ has in his hand an _event_ card of _sheep_.  
 > _Tyrell_ has in his hand _2_ _event_ cards.  

And it will never grow more than that. If Martel plays one 
event card, and Tyrell plays nothing:

 > _Martel_ plays an _event_ card of _grain_ into the _event_ pile.  
 <!-- MOCK take _event_ as _grain_ -->
 > All players click _Ready_ and then _Refresh_ in the main header.    
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 --> 
 
Martel takes one more event card, and Tyrell stays the same.
 
 > _Martel_ has in his hand _2_ _event_ cards.  
 > _Martel_ has in his hand an _event_ card of _grain_.  
 > _Martel_ has in his hand an _event_ card of _sheep_.  
 > _Tyrell_ has in his hand _2_ _event_ cards.
  
### Less food in hand

But now we have a food limit in hand, a maximum of 
five food cards at hand. 

Get one more food:

 > _Martel_ has in his hand _2_ _food_ card.  
 > _Martel_ plays an _event_ card of _grain_ into the _event_ pile.  
 > _Martel_ plays an _event_ card of _sheep_ into the _event_ pile.  
 <!-- MOCK take _event_ as _grain_ -->
 > All players click _Ready_ and then _Refresh_ in the main header.    
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 --> 
 > _Martel_ has in his hand _3_ _food_ cards.  

Martel got lucky and got continue getting event cards of grain.

 > _Martel_ has in his hand _1_ _event_ cards of _grain_.  
 <!-- MOCK take _event_ as _grain_ -->
 > All players click _Ready_ and then _Refresh_ in the main header.    
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 --> 
 > _Martel_ has in his hand _2_ _event_ cards of _grain_.  

And now, that he has the maximum of event cards, he wants more food.

 > _Martel_ plays an _event_ card of _grain_ into the _event_ pile.  
 > _Martel_ plays an _event_ card of _grain_ into the _event_ pile.  
 <!-- MOCK take _event_ as _grain_ -->
 > All players click _Ready_ and then _Refresh_ in the main header.    
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 --> 
 > _Martel_ has in his hand _5_ _food_ cards.  

And got once again grain, but...
Try to get one more food: 

 > _Martel_ has in his hand _1_ _event_ card of _grain_.  
 > _Martel_ plays an _event_ card of _grain_ into the _event_ pile.  
 > All players click _Ready_ and then _Refresh_ in the main header.    
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 --> 
 > _Martel_ has in his hand _5_ _food_ cards.  

Not possible. 
That's all. A maximum of 5 food in the hand.

### That's all

They say that good things came in small packages, so minigames!

