# Cities

People wants to live in cities,
stacked one on top of the other,
because the found more job opportunities
and better offers. It means that
it gives you more value, and gold!

## Exploiting cities

### A new game

Start as usual creating a one player game:

 > Click _New Game_ in the main header.  
 > Type _MysteryGame_ into the _new game name_.    
 > Select _Basic_ into the _game scenario_.  
 > Type _Martel_ into the _Player 1 name_.
 <!-- MOCK take _field_ as _grain_ -->
 <!-- MOCK take _field_ as _forest_ -->
 <!-- MOCK take _event_ as _grain_ -->
 <!-- MOCK take _event_ as _forest_ -->
 <!-- MOCK take _event_ as _sheep_ -->
 > Click the _Create Game_ button.
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 -->

### Accumulating resources

Cities are expensive, you need one hay,
two wood, and one wool. So let Martel
play a little and accumulate enough
materials to buy a city:

 > Use the browser of _Martel_.
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 -->
 <!-- CHEAT _Martel_ picks _1_ _field_ card of _sheep_ at square _3_ -->  
 <!-- CHEAT _Martel_ picks _1_ _worker_ card of _farmer_ at square _1_ -->  
 <!-- CHEAT _Martel_ picks _1_ _worker_ card of _lumberjack_ at square _2_ -->  
 <!-- CHEAT _Martel_ picks _1_ _worker_ card of _shepherd_ at square _3_ -->  
 <!-- CHEAT _Martel_ picks _1_ _material_ card of _hay_ at square _0_ -->  
 <!-- CHEAT _Martel_ picks _2_ _material_ card of _wood_ at square _0_ -->  
 <!-- CHEAT _Martel_ picks _1_ _material_ card of _wool_ at square _0_ -->  
 <!-- Click _Refresh_ in the main header. -->
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 --> 
 > _Martel_ has in his hand _4_ _material_ cards.  
 > _Martel_ has in his hand _1_ _material_ card of _hay_.
 > _Martel_ has in his hand _2_ _material_ card of _wood_.
 > _Martel_ has in his hand _1_ _material_ card of _wool_.
 > _Martel_ has in his hand _1_ _event_ cards of _grain_.

and in the board, he has at square 1:

 > _Martel_ has at the square _1_ a _field_ card of _grain_.
 > _Martel_ has at the square _1_ a _worker_ card of _farmer_.

It is ready.

### Building the city

Like workers, you can build a city placing the right materials
into the right pile.

 > _Martel_ plays 1 _hay_, 2 _wood_ and 1 _wool_ _material_ cards into the _build_ pile.  

Finish the round, and you will get the city.

 > Click _Ready_ in the main header.
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 --> 
 > _Martel_ has in his hand _1_ _building_ card of _city_.

### Playing the city

Play the city card at any square.

 > _Martel_ plays _1_ _building_ card of _city_ into his square _1_ pile.
 > Click _Ready_ in the main header.
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 --> 
 > _Martel_ has in his hand no _building_ cards.
 > _Martel_ has at the square _1_ a _field_ card of _grain_.
 > _Martel_ has at the square _1_ a _worker_ card of _farmer_.
 > _Martel_ has at the square _1_ a _building_ card of _city_.
 
### Earning gold!

Cities create gold for each time that an event produces food
in their fields!

 > _Martel_ plays _1_ _event_ card of _grain_ into the _event_ pile.
 > Click _Ready_ in the main header.
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 --> 
 > _Martel_ has in his hand _1_ _material_ card of _gold_.


 

