---
writer: drpicox
coder: drpicox
---
# Decks

We add decks to our ships.
They are like buildings but for ship.
These decks will allow lots of new functionalities,
like new type of resources, to many other things.

## Decks, decks, decks

### Deck builder

All the ships starts with a new special deck,
the deck builder. This deck allow us to add
many more decks.

 * Go to the next player "leonard"
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 -->
 * Go to the "leonard" "ship" "Beagle"
 * You should be at the screen of a "ship".
 * There should contain at least 1 "deck".
 * There should contain the "deck" "Builder".
 
### Gold store

Ships cannot transport gold, unless, there is a gold deck. You can build
a gold store spending 5 of steel.

 * Given that the "leonard" "city" "Capital" has resource "steel" count 5.
 * Given that the "leonard" "city" "Capital" has resource "gold" count 6.
 * The resource "gold" maximum should be 0.
 * Go to the contained "deck" "Builder".
 * Build the "Gold store".
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 -->
 * You should be at the screen of a "ship".
 * There should contain at least 2 "deck".
 * There should contain the "deck" "Builder".
 * There should contain the "deck" "Gold store".
 * The resource "gold" maximum should be 5.
 * The dock resource "steel" count should be 0.

And now we can load until reach the new capacity.

 * The resource "gold" count should be 0.
 * Load 999 of "gold".
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 -->  
 * The resource "gold" count should be 5.
 * The dock resource "gold" count should be 1.

### Upgrade the Gold store

You can upgrade the gold store by spending 5 more of steel. 
With the upgrade it will be able to hold 5 more of gold.

 * Given that the "leonard" "city" "Capital" has resource "steel" count 6.
 * Given that the "leonard" "city" "Capital" has resource "gold" count 11.
 * Given that the "leonard" "ship" "Beagle" has resource "gold" count 1.
 * The resource "gold" maximum should be 5.
 * Go to the contained "deck" "Gold store".
 * The _level_ number should be 1.
 * The resource modifier for "gold" maximum should be 5.
 * Upgrade the level.
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 -->
 * The _level_ number should be 2.
 * The resource modifier for "gold" maximum should be 10.
 * Go back to the previous screen.
 * The resource "gold" maximum should be 10.
 * The dock resource "steel" count should be 1.

And now we can load until reach the new capacity.

 * The resource "gold" count should be 1.
 * Load 999 of "gold".
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 -->  
 * The resource "gold" count should be 10.
 * The dock resource "gold" count should be 2.

### Wood store

There is also the possibility for ships to carry wood.
With a cost of 5 wood, it will be able to carry up to 5 wood.

 * Given that the "leonard" "city" "Capital" has resource "wood" count 15.
 * The resource "wood" maximum should be 0.
 * Go to the contained "deck" "Builder".
 * Build the "Wood store".
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 -->
 * You should be at the screen of a "ship".
 * There should contain the "deck" "Wood store".
 * The resource "wood" maximum should be 5.
 * The dock resource "wood" count should be 10.

And now we can load until reach the new capacity.

 * The resource "wood" count should be 0.
 * Load 999 of "wood".
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 -->  
 * The resource "wood" count should be 5.
 * The dock resource "wood" count should be 5.

### Banana store

There is also the possibility for ships to carry bananas.
With a cost of 5 wood, it will be able to carry up to 5 bananas.

 * Given that the "leonard" "city" "Capital" has resource "wood" count 6.
 * Given that the "leonard" "city" "Capital" has resource "banana" count 7.
 * The resource "banana" maximum should be 0.
 * Go to the contained "deck" "Builder".
 * Build the "Banana store".
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 -->
 * You should be at the screen of a "ship".
 * There should contain the "deck" "Banana store".
 * The resource "banana" maximum should be 5.
 * The dock resource "wood" count should be 1.

And now we can load until reach the new capacity.

 * The resource "banana" count should be 0.
 * Load 999 of "banana".
 <!-- SNAPSHOT status=200 -->  
 * The resource "banana" count should be 5.
 * The dock resource "banana" count should be 2.
